we do have a new bachelor and that
person is Nik vile Nik you may remember
was seems to be a popular choice he was
runner-up on two seasons of The
Bachelorette and he's on bachelor in
paradise right now so clearly finding
love on reality TV is working very well
for him maybe it's time for tinder but
um there is something we said for
experience and from a promotional angle
ABC is making the most of this he didn't
find love with Andi he didn't find love
with Kaitlyn he didn't find love with
lace or Amanda or Kayla Sara Carly
Izzy the twins or a woman whose real
name is Jubilee if you can't find love
this time Nick is gay the new season of
The Bachelor we're gonna make out
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you enjoyed the
video hit subscribe and if you don't
click subscribe
this invisible hamster will die